# WCS CT Deployment Package Samples

__Deployment Package ID:__ | __Deployment Manifest Type:__ | __Manifest Referenced Resource Count:__ | __File System Resource Count:__ | __Expected Result:__ | __Display in Workbench:__
---------------------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|---------------------------------|----------------------|--------------------------
ECU-002-D0042.tar.gz | WCS (Unified) | 2 | 3 | The package contains extra image resource file in the directory than what's described in the manifest file. The ingestion should fail due to the extra image found and skip the ingestion. The package should be moved to the <smx_home>/ProcessWCS/Error-WCS directory | No
ECU-002-Deployments.zip | WCS (Unified) | varied depending on deployment | varied depending on deployment | This zip contains 5 valid WCS deployments with same Project information in tar.gz archive format. Each archive has a flat structure that contains a manifest and resource file(s). You may use included set of deployments to test the multi-threaded ingestion to correctly generate the parent concepts in Fedora without creating duplicated objects. | Yes
ECU-003-D0004.tar.gz | WCS (Unified) | 2 | 2 | The package contains correct number of image resource count that is described in the deployment_manifest.xml but there is a missing image resource:__ WCS-ECU-003-D0004-I000041.jpg from the deployment package. It should fail the validation and move the deployment package to the <smx_home>/ProcessWCS/Error_WCS directory. | No
ECU-003-D0009.tar.gz | WCS (Unified) | 4 | 2 | It should fail the validation due to missing image files in the directory. It should skip the ingestion and move the package to the <smx_home>/ProcessWCS/Error-WCS directory | No
ECU-011-D0128.tar.gz | WCS (Unified) | 5 | 5 | Pass the validation and successful deployment package ingestion.  Once the ingestion is complete, the deployment package should be removed from the <smx_home>/ProcessWCS directory. | Yes
wcs_5_flat_zip_deployments.zip | WCS (Unified) | varied depending on deployment | varied depending on deployment | This zip contains 5 valid WCS deployments with same Project information in zip archive format. Each archive has a flat structure that contains a manifest and resource file(s). You may use included set of deployments to test the multi-threaded ingestion to correctly generate the parent concepts in Fedora without creating duplicated objects. | Yes